> When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    So that other contibuters can see the changes made and add their own.

> Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    To avoid conflict.

> Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    We fork a repo to our account when we don't have permission to make the changes.
    We clone a repo fom Github to our local system so that we can work on it as its not plausible to edit every code on Github.
    We branch when we want to introduce a new feature but don't want to disturb/ risk the whole main code.

> What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    So that we can work on them even when we are offline.

> How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Prior changes won't be there to rever back to in case of bugs. You can't see what caused the bug. Also collaboration would be a pretty tedious task where the files would have to be shared through emai,dropbox,etc.
    The only thing easier would be not learning git.

> When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When we are adding a new experimental feature and don't want to break/risk the main code. Also making a new branch so that people can contribute regarding it makes sense whilst the main code already up there for collaboration.


Commands: 

git remote  |    Show all remote locations for the repository
git remote add origin url |     Add a new remote location for the repository. Origin is the default name to use when you create only one remote location. Url should be the https url to the github repository.
git remove -v  |    Outputs the remote locations with verbose information (fetch and push urls)
git push origin master  |    Push the master branch to the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    Get the master branch from the remote location origin.
git pull origin master  |    = Git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master
git fetch origin | Get the changes from the remote location into the (hidden?) origin/master branch
